Use Arguments in launch files and enable their reuse. (#76)
ros-controls/ros2_control_demos: README.md

The repository is inspired by the [ros_control_boilerplate](https://github.com/PickNikRobotics/ros_control_boilerplate) repository from Dave Coleman.
The simulation has three parts/packages:
1. The first package, `ros2_control_demo_bringup`, holds launch files and runtime configurations for demo robots.
2. The second package, `ros2_control_demo_description`, stored URDF-description files, rviz configurations and meshes for the demo robots.
3. The third package, `ros2_control_demo_hardware`, implements the hardware interfaces described in the roadmap.
The examples simulate a simple *RRbot* internally to provide sufficient test and demonstration data and reduce external dependencies.
This package does not have any dependencies except `ros2` core packages and can, therefore, be used on SoC-hardware of headless systems.

This repository demonstrates the following `ros2_control` concepts:

> * Creating of `*HardwareInterface` for a System, Sensor, and Actuator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Creating a `*HardwareInterface` for a System, Sensor, and Actuator.
```

* Creating a robot description in the form of URDF files.
* Loading the configuration and starting a robot using launch files.

> * Control of two joints of *RRBot*.

Author: I will leave this for the follow up PR. see #105

* Using simulated robots and starting `ros2_control` with Gazebo simulator.

> * Implementing of controller switching strategy for a robot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Implementing a controller switching strategy for a robot.
```

* Using joint limits and transmission concepts in `ros2_control`.

## Quick Hints

These are some quick hints, especially for those coming from a ROS1 control background:

> * There are now three categories of hardware interface: *Sensor*, *Actuator*, and *System*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* There are now three categories of hardware interface components: *Sensor*, *Actuator*, and *System*.
```
Shouldn't this be hardware interface components? Later we talk of the different hardware interfaces types that can be defined, and it may be a bit confusing.

Reviewer 2: I'd leave out the word 'interfaces' completely. We've been using `components` everywhere else in the code base.

> * There are now three categories of hardware interface: *Sensor*, *Actuator*, and *System*.

Author: ```suggestion
* There are now three categories of hardware components: *Sensor*, *Actuator*, and *System*.
```

  *Sensor* is for individual sensors; *Actuator* is for individual actuators; *System* is for any combination of multiple sensors/actuators.
  You could think of a Sensor as read-only.

>   All interfaces are used as plugins and therefore exported using `PLUGINLIB_EXPORT_CLASS` macro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  All components are used as plugins and therefore exported using `PLUGINLIB_EXPORT_CLASS` macro.
```

```

> **NOTE**: `ros2_control` and `ros2_controllers` packages are released for foxy and can be installed using package manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: `ros2_control` and `ros2_controllers` packages are released for foxy and can be installed using a package manager.
```

The `rviz2` setup can be recreated following these steps:

- The robot models can be visualized using `RobotModel` display using `/robot_description` topic.
- Or you can simply open the configuration from `rviz` folder in `ros2_control_demo_description` package manually or directly by executing:
  ```
  rviz2 --display-config `ros2 pkg prefix ros2_control_demo_description`/share/ros2_control_demo_description/rviz/rrbot.rviz
  ```

> *RRBot*, or ''Revolute-Revolute Manipulator Robot'', is a simple 3-linkage, 2-joint arm that we will use to demonstrate various features. It essentially a double inverted pendulum and demonstrates some fun control concepts within a simulator and was originally introduced for Gazebo tutorials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*RRBot*, or ''Revolute-Revolute Manipulator Robot'', is a simple 3-linkage, 2-joint arm that we will use to demonstrate various features. It is essentially a double inverted pendulum and demonstrates some fun control concepts within a simulator and was originally introduced for Gazebo tutorials.
```

> *RRBot*, or ''Revolute-Revolute Manipulator Robot'', is a simple 3-linkage, 2-joint arm that we will use to demonstrate various features. It essentially a double inverted pendulum and demonstrates some fun control concepts within a simulator and was originally introduced for Gazebo tutorials.

Author: ```suggestion
*RRBot*, or ''Revolute-Revolute Manipulator Robot'', is a simple 3-linkage, 2-joint arm that we will use to demonstrate various features.
It is essentially a double inverted pendulum and demonstrates some fun control concepts within a simulator and was originally introduced for Gazebo tutorials.
```

The *RRBot* URDF files can be found in the `urdf` folder of `ros2_control_demo_description` package.

### General notes about examples

> 1. To start an example open a terminal, source your ROS2-workspace and execute launch file with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To start an example open a terminal, source your ROS2-workspace and execute a launch file with:
```

   ```
   ros2 launch ros2_control_demo_bringup <example_launch_file>
   ```

> 2. To check if the hardware are controller a loaded properly, open another terminal and execute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To check if the hardware interface loaded properly, open another terminal and execute:
```

         joint1/position [unclaimed]
         joint2/position [unclaimed]
   state interfaces
         joint1/position
         joint2/position
   ```

> 3. Check which controller are running using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Check which controllers are running using:
```

   ```
   ros2 control list_controllers
   ```
   You should get something like:
   ```
   forward_position_controller[forward_command_controller/ForwardCommandController] unconfigured
   joint_state_broadcaster[joint_state_broadcaster/JointStateBroadcaster] active
   ```

> 4. Check [Controlles and moving hardware](#Controlles-and-moving-hardware) section to move *RRBot*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Check [Controllers and moving hardware](#Controllers-and-moving-hardware) section to move *RRBot*.
```

### Example 1: "Industrial Robots with only one interface"

- Launch file: rrbot_system_position_only.launch.py
- Command interfaces:
  - joint1/position
  - joint2/position
- State interfaces:
  - joint1/position
  - joint2/position

Available controllers:
  - `joint_state_broadcaster[joint_state_broadcaster/JointStateBroadcaster]`
  - `forward_position_controller[forward_command_controller/ForwardCommandController]` (position)

Available launch-file options:
  - `use_fake_hardware:=true` - start `FakeSystem` instead of hardware.
    This is a simple simulation that mimics joint command to their states.
    This is useful to test *ros2_control* integration and controllers without physical hardware.

### Example 1: "Industrial Robots with only one interface" (Gazebo simulation)

- **TBA**

### Example 2: "Robots with multiple interfaces"

> - Launch file: rrbot_system_position_only.launch.py

Reviewer 3: I think you meant this:

```suggestion
- Launch file: rrbot_system_multi_interface.launch.py
```

- Command interfaces:
  - joint1/position
  - joint2/position
  - joint1/velocity
  - joint2/velocity
  - joint1/acceleration
  - joint2/acceleration
- State interfaces:
  - joint1/position
  - joint2/position
  - joint1/velocity
  - joint2/velocity
  - joint1/acceleration
  - joint2/acceleration

Available controllers:
  - `joint_state_broadcaster[joint_state_broadcaster/JointStateBroadcaster]`
  - `forward_position_controller[position_controllers/JointGroupPositionController]`
  - `forward_velocity_controller[velocity_controllers/JointGroupVelocityController]`
  - `forward_acceleration_controller[forward_command_controller/ForwardCommandController]`
  - `forward_illegal1_controller[forward_command_controller/ForwardCommandController]`
  - `forward_illegal2_controller[forward_command_controller/ForwardCommandController]`

Notes:
  - The example shows how to implement multi-interface robot hardware taking care about interfaces used.
    The two illegal controllers demonstrate how hardware interface declines faulty claims to access joint command interfaces.

> ### Example 10: "Differential drive mobile robot"

Reviewer 3: For this demo the default rviz configuration file did not set up correctly the fixed frame (I'm guessing it's `odom`) nor did it showed the Robot Model.

After fixing this and sending the velocity command the demo runs fine.

One thing I noticed is the velocity being correctly updated in the `/joint_states` while the wheel positions is fixed to zero. 

```
header:
  stamp:
    sec: 1623246367
    nanosec: 753984445
  frame_id: ''
name:
- right_wheel_joint
- left_wheel_joint
position:
- 0.0
- 0.0
velocity:
- 50.0
- 43.33333333333333
effort:
- .nan
- .nan
```

Reviewer 4: Thanks @jordan-palacios I will try to propose a fix by tomorrow morning.

- Launch file: diffbot_system.launch.py
- Command interfaces:
  - left_wheel_joint/velocity
  - right_wheel_joint/velocity
- State interfaces:
  - left_wheel_joint/position
  - left_wheel_joint/velocity
  - right_wheel_joint/position
  - right_wheel_joint/velocity

Available controllers:
  - `joint_state_broadcaster[joint_state_broadcaster/JointStateBroadcaster]`
  - `diffbot_base_controller[diff_drive_controller/DiffDriveController] active`

Sending commands to diff drive controller:

```
ros2 topic pub --rate 30 /diffbot_base_controller/cmd_vel_unstamped geometry_msgs/msg/Twist "linear:
 x: 0.7
 y: 0.0
 z: 0.0
angular:
 x: 0.0
 y: 0.0
 z: 1.0"
```

> You should now see orange box circling in `rviz2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should now see an orange box circling in `rviz2`.
```

> ## Controlles and moving hardware

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Controllers and moving hardware
```

### Using ForwardCommandController

1. If you want to test hardware with `ForwardCommandController` first load a controller (not always needed):
   ```
   ros2 control load_controller forward_position_controller
   ```
   Check if the controller is loaded properly:
   ```
   ros2 control list_controllers
   ```

2. Then configure it:
   ```
   ros2 control set_controller_state forward_position_controller configure
   ```
   Check if the controller is loaded properly:
   ```
   ros2 control list_controllers
   ```

>    You should get in the response:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You should get the response:
```

   forward_position_controller[forward_command_controller/ForwardCommandController] active
   ```

> 3. Send command to the controller, either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Send a command to the controller, either:
```

   - 0.5
   - 0.5"
   ```

>    B. Or you can start demo node which sends two goals every 5 seconds in a loop:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   B. Or you can start a demo node which sends two goals every 5 seconds in a loop:
```
